README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Not Hot Dog</h1>
<h3 align="center">A demonstration of a full-stack machine learning software application.</h3>

## Description

This is a technical demonstrative project with the goal of showcasing the intersection between software engineering and machine learning technologies via a functional replication of the **"SeeFood"** app from HBO's hit comedy _Silicon Valley_. 

The **Not Hot Dog** app is a basic image recognition application that is designed to take a photo of a food item and theoretically categorize it into one of potentially many classes. However, the punch line is that the application is only able to detect hot dogs and "not hot dogs", or any other food item that is not recognized as a hot dog. 

To track this project's completion via discretized objectives, please navigate to **[OBJECTIVES.md](OBJECTIVES.md)** to access an abstracted breakdown of each major goal towards the demonstrable deliverable.

## Languages and Dependencies

* **[Python](https://docs.python.org/3/)**
    * **[TensorFlow](https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs)**
    * **[Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/2.3.x/)**
* **[JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)**
	* **[React](https://react.dev/)**

## Acknowledgements

Thanks to **[Flatiron School](https://flatironschool.com/welcome-to-flatiron-school/)** for providing a next-generation experience for aspiring developers to learn how to code using bleeding-edge software engineering technologies. 

## Credits

The **Not Hot Dog App** (this project version; not the original project from _Silicon Valley_) is created and maintained by **Aakash "Kash" Sudhakar** (2023).

Commit message:

[EDIT] Added section on replicating project state and running program

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Not Hot Dog</h1>
<h3 align="center">A demonstration of a full-stack machine learning software application.</h3>

## Description

This is a technical demonstrative project with the goal of showcasing the intersection between software engineering and machine learning technologies via a functional replication of the **"SeeFood"** app from HBO's hit comedy _Silicon Valley_. 

The **Not Hot Dog** app is a basic image recognition application that is designed to take a photo of a food item and theoretically categorize it into one of potentially many classes. However, the punch line is that the application is only able to detect hot dogs and "not hot dogs", or any other food item that is not recognized as a hot dog. 

To track this project's completion via discretized objectives, please navigate to **[OBJECTIVES.md](OBJECTIVES.md)** to access an abstracted breakdown of each major goal towards the demonstrable deliverable.

## Project Configuration

To run this project, ensure that there is a `requirements.txt` file in the upstream project directory that you can pull. This will ensure that you have relevant dependencies and requirements for the project to work successfully.

After pulling a forked copy of the project repo, run the command `npm start:server-dev` to boot up the development server for our Flask-React application. This should open an instance of the app on your local host, likely at port 3000. (Ensure no other processes are running on the same port.)

## Languages and Dependencies

* **[Python](https://docs.python.org/3/)**
    * **[TensorFlow](https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs)**
    * **[Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/2.3.x/)**
* **[JavaScript](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript)**
	* **[React](https://react.dev/)**

## Acknowledgements

Thanks to **[Flatiron School](https://flatironschool.com/welcome-to-flatiron-school/)** for providing a next-generation experience for aspiring developers to learn how to code using bleeding-edge software engineering technologies. 

## Credits

The **Not Hot Dog App** (this project version; not the original project from _Silicon Valley_) is created and maintained by **Aakash "Kash" Sudhakar** (2023).
